So, okay, you believe that you will get
better performance on your Frontend,
it's easier to recruit for
solid engineers.
Developers get an opportunity to
rewrite buggy parts of the code, and
you'll believe that you're
able to move faster.
This doesn't really say much of that,
right?
And you're getting into,
who cares about declarative primitives?
Your VP of Engineering might a bit,
but the answer's no.
Actually, probably not, right?
And your CEO and
VP of Product really doesn't care, right?
So this is a good litmus test for
you, is like,
look at how much jargon
is in what you're saying.
In other words,
is this makes sense to someone
outside of your particular discipline?
And if the answer is no, probably either
needs to be rephrased or left out.
And this feels like it belongs on
the marketing for SolidJS, right?
This actually doesn't feel at all
like it belongs going to a CEO.
The way you should communicate this
to your CEO is, basically these,
I think you'd be better off
literally just copying and
pasting these directly to your CEO, then
you wouldn't be with anything down here.
You wanna let them know what is happening,
just the minimum of context is Backbone,
old, Solid, new.
And by the way,
if anyone's on the chat telling me, well,
Backbone is better than Solid,
I don't care, I'm making an example.
So please just follow with me.
It is true, though.
I would rather write in
Solid than Backbone.
You're trying to get them the minimum
of context of what Backbone is,
why you're trying to move to SolidJS,
and a basic amount of Solid is
a new framework that's supported and
well used in the industry.
And here is the bullet points of
reasons why we're trying to get from
here to there.
That's it, say less, right?
Remove all the stuff about reactive
primitives, blah, blah, blah.
This one down here is
a very emotional appeal.
Engineers love to talk about like,
we wanna be on the new hot stuff, right?
And as a product owner, as a product
manager, as a CEO, your job is kinda say,
I don't really care, right?
I need you to offer me real business value
not just cuz it's pretty and shiny, right?
Anyone have other thoughts on this one and
why what I wrote sucks?
Yeah, please.
>> I would call this burying the lead,
like you said.
>> Yeah.
>> You want to communicate
that the industry is moving on
from us with better technology and
saving time and money in the process.
And so now we have this bullet list of,
we know it's better performance,
we know more people use it.
And that takes five minutes to say, but
if you focus on industry adoption and
the practical savings,
you've got a 45 second, 60 second pitch.
>> Yep, it's something I never say in this
course, but don't bury the lead, right?
You're trying to get them from zero
to your point as fast as possible.
We'll actually talk a little bit when
we get into executive summaries,
it's basically how to unbury leads.
But that's a really good way
of saying that, so thank you.
Okay, so A/B testing tool.
You go and you basically say, hey,
I wanna be able to experiment.
That's essentially your pitch here, is
like, I wanna be able to try A and B, and
I wanna be able to prove that either
A is better or B is better, and
I wanna have that capability.
So going into here,
we're gonna be implementing
whatever as an A/B testing tool.
And you kind of get into here is like,
this is more like how you would
communicate a competitive
analysis to a product suite.
This doesn't really match up at
all with a project kickoff, right?
So my point here is I wanted you to
identify there was an audience mismatch
here of, these people wanna hear,
what are the challenges?
What are we doing?
How are we gonna do it?
How are we aligned on this?
What sort of technical
constraints are we gonna have?
You're trying to get
the engineers on board and
pumped up to work on something that's
gonna be working on the product, and
instead you're giving them a bunch
of nonsense context, right?
You are doing the opposite of saying less,
you are definitely saying more here.
So I would focus way more on like, we're
building an experimentation platform and
we're going to be able to A/B test all
the cool stuff that you all build.
Here's some technical information
that's gonna be helpful as we kick off
this project.
It's more or less where I would go with
that bit of technical communication.
So adding a social share button.
You're trying to convince a group of
mixed engineers, product managers, and
trying to basically act in persuasion.
I actually literally just had an MBA
class on the art of persuasion,
which was very interesting.
What is wrong with this?
And why do you hate me right now?
>> Flowery language is just annoying.
>> It's absurd.
And I got through that and
I took a shower, right?
[LAUGH] It's using so
much language, and it's massively
distracting from the points
that you're actually making.
I think I would read this, if I was
the recipient of this email, I'd be like,
I don't care what you do,
I'm choosing the other person,
because I don't trust you
[LAUGH] in particular.
Yeah.
>> Yeah, I kinda read that,
if my goal is those bullet points,
I don't know if I trust myself
if I'm the one writing this.
The things that I probably want my
idea to succeed on is consistency,
it's easier to implement, right?
I've hit some of the targets
that the organization likes.
Maybe I should just be okay
of saying that isn't enough,
instead of really going over
the hill to try to make a pitch.
>> Yeah.
>> This one gives off the vibe that
you're better than everyone reading this.
>> I mean, I am better than,
[LAUGH] just kidding.
No, it definitely does come off that way.
I do like the ideas of things
resting on their merits, but
also I also wanna get my way, and so
I'm willing to push harder for that.
And so I'm totally fine saying,
this is better, and it might be
visually apparent to you, and if it's not,
I'm going to tell you why it's better.
Because sometimes people just
kind of need that direction.
We're all squishy, dumb animals, right?
And so sometimes we just need the obvious
pointed out to us, that I'm better, right?
So that's why I wrote
it [LAUGH] like this.
If that's not clear,
I honestly [LAUGH] don't think
I'm better than anyone else here.
I'm chief idiot in the room.